The Isles of Maga
=================
The history of Maga is scattered and mysterious, but here is what is 
common knowledge.

Physical Geography
------------------
Maga is an island chain spanning a tremendous area of nearly one million 
square kilometers (approximately the size of Kazakhstan) and contains 
thousands of islands if not more. The islands all have a tropical 
climate, although the flora and fauna varies somewhat between 
subregions. The various subregions vary in the length and severity of 
their wet and dry seasons. The largest island of Magathos has a mountain 
range called the Otris Mountains, the peaks of which are tall enough to 
be snow-capped. As a result of the difference of elevation, this island 
has alpine grasslands, forests, and tundra.

The Isles of Maga are in the Sunbound Ocean, far away from any mainland 
continent, although some exist. Historically there has been trade with 
the closest mainland in the west, called Honstrad, but in recent history 
travel has been cut off.

Political Geography
-------------------
Maga is governed by the Modern Republic. Clusterings of islands form a 
district; the district that gets the most attention in this document is 
the Capital District, which contains the capital and nearby islands.

The capital of the country is Thronerock, located in the Otris Mountains 
in Magathos. Other cities in Magathos are Honuda, Grostine, Ledalia, and 
Sorrowport. Nearby major islands are Veldoth, Ruzark, Eyedea, Northsky, 
Olivon, Hosland, Brightwater, and Shaleport. Each island has at least 
one port city, which is the center of most trade. The cities on Magathos 
also have a significant inland trade.

Although the inside of the Otris Mountains are very developed by 
dwarves, the outside of the mountains have not largely been touched by 
civilization. A great number of unique wildlife make their homes there, 
as well as some unintegrated beast races.

Political System
----------------
The Modern Republic has a president as head of state. The 
representatives are chosen by the Electorate, who are the descendants of 
the revolutionaries who violently overthrew the Elven Kingdoms that 
preceded the Republic. The majority of the Electorate are dwarves, with 
a significant minority of humans and halflings. Elves represent a very 
small minority of the Electorate; less than 1% are elves, who are the 
descendants of those elves that rebelled against their own kingdom. None 
of the beast races (Lacertines, Felidines, Corvidines, and Vespertines) 
have any members in the Electorate.
